feat: Updating intro with goals and connections to other libraries (#132)
py-why/dodiscover: README.md

## Unite causal discovery and causal representation learning

DoDiscover is a Python library for causal discovery (causal structure learning).
Our goal is to provide developers and researchers with guide rails for causal discovery that doesn't require deep knowledge of individual causal discovery algorithms.

> ## What is the difference between dodiscover and causal-learn?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the difference between dodiscover and other pywhy packages?
```

The goal of dodiscover is to flatten the on-ramp to causal discovery algorithms.

> DoWhy provides a consistent API for various method for causal effect estimation.

Reviewer 2: DoWhy goes beyond effect estimation with the structural causal models in the GCM module. What about "DoWhy provides a consistent API for various causal tasks, which typically require a graph structure."

Author: [570e5c0](https://github.com/py-why/dodiscover/pull/132/commits/570e5c0f8b663dd28404a7ea771cd16f5997d1ce)

> DoDiscover aims to do the same with causal discovery algorithms.

Reviewer 2: Accordingly: "DoDiscover aims to provide a cohesive and user-friendly API to apply causal discovery algorithms for inferring a causal graph from data."

Author: [db3001a](https://github.com/py-why/dodiscover/pull/132/commits/db3001a882929281d1710856a90e539c8112e52d)

[causal-learn](https://github.com/py-why/causal-learn) is an extensive collection of causal discovery algorithms.
It continuous to host new cutting-edge algorithms in causal discovery.
However, these algorithms do not have a unified API.
Further, the historic focus of causal-learn is increasing the capabilities of discovery algorithms.

> In constrast, dodiscover's focus is on the discovery API and usability.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can mention: In the future we plan on trying to integrate the two libraries.

Author: https://github.com/py-why/dodiscover/pull/132/commits/abf3bebeea37ac1e0ba0425d8be2d99c08a848d9

When possible, dodiscover prefers to provide an API wrapper to discovery algorithms in causal-learn and other libraries.
Please consider contributing to [causal-learn](https://github.com/py-why/causal-learn) if you plan to implement an algorithm from scratch, then contributing a wrapper in dodiscover.

## What is the relationship with pywhy-graphs and py-indep?

[pywhy-graphs](https://github.com/py-why/pywhy-graphs) is the home of graph data structures and graph algorithms in PyWhy.

> [py-indep](https://github.com/py-why/py-indep) is the home of implementations of tests for conditional independence and other constraints used in tasks including but not limited to causal discovery.

Reviewer 2: What about:
"... serves as a repository for implementations of (un)conditional independence tests, which can be utilized in various tasks, such as causal discovery."

Author: [03e3f5a](https://github.com/py-why/dodiscover/pull/132/commits/03e3f5ad30c34df702c712b1ec91d13763b9a5a6)

## Unite causal discovery and causal representation learning

DoDiscover is a Python library for causal discovery (causal structure learning).
Our goal is to provide developers and researchers with guide rails for causal discovery that doesn't require deep knowledge of individual causal discovery algorithms.

## What is the difference between dodiscover and other pywhy packages?

The goal of dodiscover is to flatten the on-ramp to causal discovery algorithms.
DoWhy provides a consistent API for various causal tasks that typically require a graph structure.
Similarly, DoDiscover aims to provide a cohesive and user-friendly API to apply causal discovery algorithms for inferring a causal graph from data.

[causal-learn](https://github.com/py-why/causal-learn) is an extensive collection of causal discovery algorithms.
It continuous to host new cutting-edge algorithms in causal discovery.
However, these algorithms do not have a unified API.
Further, the historic focus of causal-learn is increasing the capabilities of discovery algorithms.

> In constrast, dodiscover's focus is on the discovery API and usability.

Reviewer 3: Small typo: "contrast"

When possible, dodiscover prefers to provide an API wrapper to discovery algorithms in causal-learn and other libraries.
Please consider contributing to [causal-learn](https://github.com/py-why/causal-learn) if you plan to implement an algorithm from scratch, then contributing a wrapper in dodiscover.

In the future we plan on trying to integrate the two libraries.

> ## What is the relationship with pywhy-graphs and py-indep?

Reviewer 3: I think the new library is to be called pywhy-stats, if I followed the discussion on discord
